Chris: Hey
Is anyone sitting here?
Karen: O-oh, uh... no
Uh, go ahead
*burps*
*laughter*
Chris: Oh
Excuse me
Chris: Excuse me!
Chris: EXCUSE ME!
Hey... Can you watch my stuff?
I have to go to the bathroom
Karen: Oh yea, sure! I'll watch...
...your stuff
Chris: Thanks! W-what's your name?
Karen: Karen
Chris: Chris
Karen: Chrissss...
Chris' stuff...
Chris' stuff
Bottle, hat, journal, tablet, laptop, camera, phone!?
That's a lot to keep track of...
...and everything is so expensive!
The total cost is at least...
A LOT OF MONEY!
I don't even have a checking account.
This is too much responsibility.
*clock ticking*
Karen: What's taking him so long?
I thought he was only going number 1
If he's taking a dump, then why didn't he take his phone?
Heh, that's so Chris
Oh no!
I need to go to the restroom, too.
Should I ask a stranger to watch...
...my stuff?
But that means they would have to watch my stuff and the stuff I'm watching for Chris
What if that stranger has to pee too?
Then, they need to find a stranger to watch their stuff, the stuff they're watching for a stranger
and the stuff that stranger is watching for Chris.
Uhhh, I don't think I can hold much longer.
Too sleepy!
Too far!
Too shady!
I can't trust anyone!
*phone buzzes*
Karen: ALWAYS?!
But it's not my phone.
Wait-
What if someone is in danger?
Oh my god, I killed someone.
*phone buzzes again*
Karen: Hi, uh, Chris' phone
Who's this?
Caller: Uuhhh, this is Chris' girlfriend...
Who the hell are you?!
Hold on-
Are you Janice?
Because he keeps talking about a Janice and I have no idea who that is
*music builds as caller fades away to sound of people drinking water*
Karen: I have to pee
Chris: Hey
Chris: My stuff
Karen: Thank god, I have to go to restroom so..
Off-screen person: No, no, no! Wait!
Another Chris: Karen, stop!
Karen: What the fu-
Chris: Karen
Chris: Don't listen to anything this man says
Karen: Who are you?
The other Chris: I'm Chris!
He's an imposter!
Chris: I'm Chris!
I asked this man to watch my stuff, and he stole everything from me
Including my identity!
The other Chris: Trust me...
Both Chrises: I'm Chris; These are my things
Both Chrises: Stop it, you're just copying my-
The other Chris: sandwiches
The other Chris: Ah-ha!
Karen: Quiet!
Karen: So, the real Chris would know about his phone, right?
Chris: mhm
Karen: So what's the passcode?
The other Chris: 1-2-3-4
Chris: That is the most common passcode in the world, okay?
So...
Chris: Look it up
*phone buzzes*
Chris' Girlfriend: Chris!
There you are!
Chris' Girlfriend: What the hel-
Chris: Hello?
Hello?
So, can you watch my stuff?
Karen: No!
Chris: Um, I really have to use the bathroom though
[BTS]
Anyway, Leenda's here
Yaaaay!
Hi!
Chris is back
Chris' back on Wong Fu's channel...
...being
Off-screen person: He just did it!
*laughter*
Hey, this is Julie
Ummm, and Julie is playing the friend in this short